Update README.md (#49)
FriendsOfShopware/FroshPlatformBunnycdnMediaStorage: README.md

## Usage for older plugin version
[see old Readme](README.1.0.11.md)

> ## Notes
> The plugin configuration will be stored inside `var/bunnycdn_config.yml`. You must ensure that this file will be stay in that location after deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Notes on Automatic Deployments
The plugin configuration is stored in `var/bunnycdn_config.yml`. You must ensure that this file is shared and available in this location after deployment after you configured the pugin once.
```
